README.md, before:

# Beep Boop Machine
<img src="https://github.com/Dave-Sterry.png" width="200px" height="auto">

### A website by David Sterry updated on 10/30/20
## Description

_A simple website that will take a users numerical input and return words. Input of 1 is replaced with Beep, input of 2 is replaced with Boop and an input of 3 is replaced with "wont you be my neighbor?"_

The site can be viewed [here](insert gh pages link)

## Setup Instructions
1. User will need to have an up to date browser installed such as Chrome of Firefox
2. Using the browser navigate to the [gh-pages](gh pages link) for this project
2. Alternatively use the browser navigate to my GitHub page [respository](portfolio link for this site
3. Click the Green **Code** button and select **Download Zip**
4. Unzip the downloaded folder
5. Open the _index.html_ file to view the site locally

## Specs

Describe: beepBoop()

Test: It returns an array with 0 if the user inputs 0
Expect:(beepBoop(0)).toEqual([0]);

Test: It replaces all digits  with "Beep!" in any number that contains the digit 1
Expect:(beepBoop(1)).toEqual("Beep!");

Test: It replaces all digits  with "Boop!" in any number that contains the digit 2
Expect:(beepBoop(2)).toEqual("Boop!");

Test: It replaces all digits  with "Won't you be my neighbor?" for any number that contains the digit 3
Expect(beepBoop(3)).toEqual("Won't you be my neighbor?")

Test: It replaces all digits with first or second exception when a 2 or 3 is present in input
Expect(beepBoop(21)).toEqual(Boop) 
Expect (beepBoop(13)).toEqual(Won't you be my neigbor?)

## Known Bugs
Currently only works for single digit numbers. Double digit numbers return whole array

## Contact and Support details

_Please contact me at sterry.david@gmail.com in regards to this website_

## Techknowlogies Used

* HTML
* CSS
* Git
* Bootstrap
* Visual Studios Code

# License

This project is licensed under **MIT 2.0**

Copyright (c) 2020 **David Sterry**

Commit message:

update README with git clone instructions

README.md, after:

# Beep Boop Machine
<img src="https://github.com/Dave-Sterry.png" width="200px" height="auto">

### A website by David Sterry updated on 10/30/20
## Description

_A simple website that will take a users numerical input and return words. Input of 1 is replaced with Beep, input of 2 is replaced with Boop and an input of 3 is replaced with "wont you be my neighbor?"_

The site can be viewed [here](insert gh pages link)

## Setup Instructions
 User will need to have an up to date browser installed such as Chrome of Firefox
 # View online :
1. Using the browser navigate to the [gh-pages](gh pages link) for this project
# Download via Github:
1. Alternatively use the browser navigate to my GitHub page [respository](portfolio link for this site
2. Click the Green **Code** button and select **Download Zip**
3. Unzip the downloaded folder
4. Open the _index.html_ file to view the site locally
# Clone from Github via Gitbash:
1. Clone this repo to your personal computer using "git clone (repo name)
2. Next navigate to the direct with the same name, and open via VScode or other code editor of your choice
3. Open index.html in your browser of choice. 
# How to use site
1. Enter a number of your choice
2. view the results of the Beep Boop machine. 

## Specs

Describe: beepBoop()

Test: It returns an array with 0 if the user inputs 0
Expect:(beepBoop(0)).toEqual([0]);

Test: It replaces all digits  with "Beep!" in any number that contains the digit 1
Expect:(beepBoop(1)).toEqual("Beep!");

Test: It replaces all digits  with "Boop!" in any number that contains the digit 2
Expect:(beepBoop(2)).toEqual("Boop!");

Test: It replaces all digits  with "Won't you be my neighbor?" for any number that contains the digit 3
Expect(beepBoop(3)).toEqual("Won't you be my neighbor?")

Test: It replaces all digits with first or second exception when a 2 or 3 is present in input
Expect(beepBoop(21)).toEqual(Boop) 
Expect (beepBoop(13)).toEqual(Won't you be my neigbor?)

## Known Bugs
Currently only works for single digit numbers. Double digit numbers return whole array

## Contact and Support details

_Please contact me at sterry.david@gmail.com in regards to this website_

## Techknowlogies Used

* HTML
* CSS
* Git
* Bootstrap
* Visual Studios Code

# License

This project is licensed under **MIT 2.0**

Copyright (c) 2020 **David Sterry**
